About the job
At Rockstar Games, we create world-class entertainment experiences.

Become part of a team working on some of the most rewarding, large-scale creative projects to be found in any entertainment medium - all within an inclusive, highly-motivated environment where you can learn and collaborate with some of the most talented people in the industry.

Rockstar Games is looking for a seasoned Senior Software Engineer (C++) to join our development team. Our Core Security team is looking for a security focused engineer to help drive our various software security initiatives. The successful candidate will be committed to keeping our games and services fun for our players through defense against cheaters, hackers, exploiters, and all troublemakers.

This is a full-time, in-office position based out of Rockstar’s unique game development studio in Oakville, ON.

What We Do

The Core Security team is responsible for protecting our players, employees, and business.
We develop anti-cheat to preserve the integrity of our online experience.
We build anti-piracy measures to preserve our intellectual property.
We create and apply anti-tamper technologies to protect sensitive areas of code.
We support all Rockstar titles including Grand Theft Auto V and Red Dead Redemption.
We work closely with many cross-functional teams to enhance the security of our games.

Responsibilities

Create and innovate solutions to better secure our products from known vulnerabilities.
Research and implement various forms of anti-tamper technologies and anti-cheat technologies.
Debug exceptions to resolve issues related to obfuscation transformations and anti-tamper mechanisms.
Performance profile protected and unprotected code to meet expected performance requirements.
Follow software SDLC to integrate into the game team’s operations.
Test cross-platform software solutions to ensure quality.

Requirements

7+ years of experience working in a software/security development team using C++.
Experience with security and/or game development.
Excellent problem-solving skills with an emphasis on debugging C++ code.
Analytical skills geared towards the measurement of system performance and memory use, plus the communication skills needed to generate solutions.
Independently able to take objectives from ideation to execution.

PLUSES

Please note that these are desirable skills and are not required to apply for the position.

Strong understanding of reverse engineering concepts and methodologies.
Strong understanding of game protection technologies.
Experience with disassemblers and decompilers: IDA Pro.
Experience with core cryptography concepts.
Experience with crash dumps and x64.

How To Apply

Please apply with a resume and cover letter demonstrating how you meet the skills above. If we would like to move forward with your application, a Rockstar recruiter will reach out to you to explain next steps and guide you through the process.

Rockstar is committed to creating a work environment that promotes equal opportunity, dignity and respect. In line with this commitment, Rockstar will provide reasonable accommodations to qualified job applicants with disabilities during the recruitment process in order for such applicants to be considered for the position for which they are applying, as well as to qualified employees to enable them to perform the essential functions of their roles. If you need more information about Rockstar’s reasonable accommodation policies or process, or need to request an accommodation, please notify your recruiter during the interview process.

For those based in Toronto, Rockstar will provide accommodations to job applicants and employees as long as such accommodations do not pose an undue hardship on Rockstar, and consistent with its obligations under the Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act.

If you’ve got the right skills for the job, we want to hear from you. We encourage applications from all suitable candidates regardless of age, disability, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, belief, race, or any other protected category.

The pay range for this position in Ontario, Canada at the start of employment is expected to be between the range below* per year. However, base pay offered is based on market location, and may vary further depending on individualized factors for job candidates, such as job-related knowledge, skills, experience, and other objective business considerations.

Subject to those same considerations, the total compensation package for this position may also include other elements, including a bonus and/or equity awards, in addition to a full range of medical, financial, and/or other benefits. Details of participation in these benefit plans will be provided if an employee receives an offer of employment. If hired, the company reserves the right to modify base salary (as well as any other discretionary payment or compensation or benefit program) at any time, including for reasons related to individual performance, company or individual department/team performance, and market factors. The use of Artificial Intelligence is not being used to screen candidates. The position is for an existing vacancy.

Ontario Base Pay Range
